fix: use assigned committee index in attestation data after Electra (#15696)
prysmaticlabs/prysm: changelog/muzry_fix_validator_client_committee_index.md

### Fixed

> - Fixed incorrect attestation data where the committee index was always set to 0 after Electra, instead of using the assigned committee index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed incorrect attestation data request where the assigned committee index was used after Electra, instead of 0.
```
Your description is the opposite of the actual fix

Author: @rkapka Thanks!  
I’ve updated the changelog — please take a look.  
Also, please review my previous reply regarding the N requests and committee index behavior, and let me know if this issue should be addressed in this PR.

Reviewer: I think it's better to keep this PR focused on one single thing. Reducing the number of requests will not make this change obsolete, so we can merge it first.

Author: Got it, thanks!
